README.md, before:

Maintenance (module for Omeka S)
================================

[Mainteannce] is a module for [Omeka S] that adds a button to set/unset the
public side of the site under maintenance.

The admin pages remains available, as well as the `login` and `logout` pages.


Installation
------------

Uncompress files and rename module folder `Maintenance`.

Then install it like any other Omeka module and follow the config instructions.

See general end user documentation for [Installing a module].


Usage
-----

The button is located in the config of the module itself.

A specific text can be displayed.

The maintenance page is the default one and can be themed.


Warning
-------

Use it at your own risk.

It’s always recommended to backup your files and your databases and to check
your archives regularly so you can roll back if needed.


Troubleshooting
---------------

See online issues on the [module issues] page on GitHub.


License
-------

This module is published under the [CeCILL v2.1] licence, compatible with
[GNU/GPL] and approved by [FSF] and [OSI].

This software is governed by the CeCILL license under French law and abiding by
the rules of distribution of free software. You can use, modify and/ or
redistribute the software under the terms of the CeCILL license as circulated by
CEA, CNRS and INRIA at the following URL "http://www.cecill.info".

As a counterpart to the access to the source code and rights to copy, modify and
redistribute granted by the license, users are provided only with a limited
warranty and the software’s author, the holder of the economic rights, and the
successive licensors have only limited liability.

In this respect, the user’s attention is drawn to the risks associated with
loading, using, modifying and/or developing or reproducing the software by the
user in light of its specific status of free software, that may mean that it is
complicated to manipulate, and that also therefore means that it is reserved for
developers and experienced professionals having in-depth computer knowledge.
Users are therefore encouraged to load and test the software’s suitability as
regards their requirements in conditions enabling the security of their systems
and/or data to be ensured and, more generally, to use and operate it in the same
conditions as regards security.

The fact that you are presently reading this means that you have had knowledge
of the CeCILL license and that you accept its terms.


Contact
-------

Current maintainers:

* Daniel Berthereau (see [Daniel-KM] on GitHub)


Copyright
---------

* Copyright Daniel Berthereau, 2017


[Maintenance]: https://github.com/Daniel-KM/Omeka-S-module-Maintenance
[Omeka S]: https://omeka.org/s
[Installing a module]: http://dev.omeka.org/docs/s/user-manual/modules/#installing-modules
[module issues]: https://github.com/Daniel-KM/Omeka-S-module-Maintenance/issues
[CeCILL v2.1]: https://www.cecill.info/licences/Licence_CeCILL_V2.1-en.html
[GNU/GPL]: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html
[FSF]: https://www.fsf.org
[OSI]: http://opensource.org
[Daniel-KM]: https://github.com/Daniel-KM "Daniel Berthereau"

Commit message:

Moved the config in the main settings.

README.md, after:

Maintenance (module for Omeka S)
================================

[Maintenance] is a module for [Omeka S] that adds a setting to set/unset the
public side of the site under maintenance.

The admin pages remains available, as well as the `login` and `logout` pages.


Installation
------------

Uncompress files and rename module folder `Maintenance`.

Then install it like any other Omeka module and follow the config instructions.

See general end user documentation for [Installing a module].


Usage
-----

The checkbox is located in the main settings of the site. A specific text can be
displayed. The maintenance page is the default one (`omeka/maintenance/index.phtml`,
in the folder `view` of the module), and can be themed.


Warning
-------

Use it at your own risk.

It’s always recommended to backup your files and your databases and to check
your archives regularly so you can roll back if needed.


Troubleshooting
---------------

See online issues on the [module issues] page on GitHub.


License
-------

This module is published under the [CeCILL v2.1] licence, compatible with
[GNU/GPL] and approved by [FSF] and [OSI].

This software is governed by the CeCILL license under French law and abiding by
the rules of distribution of free software. You can use, modify and/ or
redistribute the software under the terms of the CeCILL license as circulated by
CEA, CNRS and INRIA at the following URL "http://www.cecill.info".

As a counterpart to the access to the source code and rights to copy, modify and
redistribute granted by the license, users are provided only with a limited
warranty and the software’s author, the holder of the economic rights, and the
successive licensors have only limited liability.

In this respect, the user’s attention is drawn to the risks associated with
loading, using, modifying and/or developing or reproducing the software by the
user in light of its specific status of free software, that may mean that it is
complicated to manipulate, and that also therefore means that it is reserved for
developers and experienced professionals having in-depth computer knowledge.
Users are therefore encouraged to load and test the software’s suitability as
regards their requirements in conditions enabling the security of their systems
and/or data to be ensured and, more generally, to use and operate it in the same
conditions as regards security.

The fact that you are presently reading this means that you have had knowledge
of the CeCILL license and that you accept its terms.


Contact
-------

Current maintainers:

* Daniel Berthereau (see [Daniel-KM] on GitHub)


Copyright
---------

* Copyright Daniel Berthereau, 2017


[Maintenance]: https://github.com/Daniel-KM/Omeka-S-module-Maintenance
[Omeka S]: https://omeka.org/s
[Installing a module]: http://dev.omeka.org/docs/s/user-manual/modules/#installing-modules
[module issues]: https://github.com/Daniel-KM/Omeka-S-module-Maintenance/issues
[CeCILL v2.1]: https://www.cecill.info/licences/Licence_CeCILL_V2.1-en.html
[GNU/GPL]: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html
[FSF]: https://www.fsf.org
[OSI]: http://opensource.org
[Daniel-KM]: https://github.com/Daniel-KM "Daniel Berthereau"
